To me, Texas A&M is a marvelous sum of the accomplishments of various individuals.
You and I are familiar with the difference that Earl Rutter made here.
Terrific, yes.
And a few others.
Let's conclude, unless you have any other thoughts, let's conclude with this question.
What feelings do you have for Texas A&M in your heart today?
Well, they're good feelings.
I've always felt that A&M was a practical school, that the students here were sort of the type that make it on their own, that are used to earning their living and doing useful things.
I think the
the quality of the students, the relationships.
In my days, I felt that the entire alumni had the good relationships equivalent to those that you would have had in a fraternity in another university, that this entire student body had that feeling.
And I gather that a lot of it is still here, that the personal
connection between the administration and all of the activities and the students must be about the best in the country, in spite of the size.
And that's real hard to obtain, but once an Aggie, always an Aggie.
And if you see one anyplace, you can tell certain things about him.
He's willing to make out on his own, not expecting favors from anybody.
And the word is spreading.
In Eugene, Oregon, we went into a thrift shop, and I saw a baseball cap, and on the front of the baseball cap, Sea Aggie, S-E-A, Sea Aggie.
So I guess that was the Maritime Academy ship dropped in someplace.
No, I think Aggie does have a spirit, and that it's persisted in spite of the growth, which is quite an accomplishment, and it's something you can be proud to be associated with.